so the original Volkswagen bus was so
iconic everyone wanted to see a new
electric version of this thing and now
that it's out it gets more attention
than a cyber Tru but what you need to
see is how much storage in this thing
all right so just in the front seat
double decker storage over here then
you've got a nice little double decker
storage here with a lip and then a real
glove box down here you've got hidden
storage with cup holders over here
another thing with hidden storage with
just a drawer right here a spot for your
phone if you want to drop it in there
with a wireless charger another spot
over here for your key and some not so
hidden storage in the Middle with
dividers that are ice scraper and a
bottle opener and if you don't want any
of this in the middle you just hit this
button and get rid of the whole thing
then in the middle there's two in the
door there's two on the seat there's
some hidden storage up here and then in
the back there's a whole bunch of
Cubbies then from the rear the entire
third row is removable plus there's some
storage down here and a built-in bench